calling your shots today on Sunday
baseball today we're gonna talk about
called homers why called homers because
if you are playing Major League Baseball
and you have the balls to tell a major
league pitcher where and how far you're
gonna hit his next offering then you my
friend are something special and it
deserves tribute the most famous call
shot was Babe Ruth's immortal homer off
Charlie rout in the 1932 World Series
which is deservedly legendary now for
those of you who don't know your history
here's what happened Ruth was playing
for the Yankees against the Cubs in the
World Series and it was Game three and
the cubs were heckling Ruth mercilessly
no mercy no mercy
but Ruth instead of just taking it
decided to give as good as he got
shouting back at the Cubs and gesturing
boos Esterly gesturing toward the cubs
bench so Ruth comes up to bat in the
fifth inning and Charlie rout promptly
throws a strike past him Ruth turns to
the Cubs bench puts up one finger he
takes a couple of balls and then another
called strike and turns to the Cubs
bench and puts up two fingers he then
turns to shout at Charlie rout and
definitely makes a pointing gesture
either at Charlie rout or at the
centerfield bleachers way way way behind
him route hangs a curve to Ruth Ruth
Ruth Ruth hangs a curve to Ruth and Ruth
deposits it right over those centerfield
bleachers nearly 500 feet away which
totally shuts all of the Cubs up sweet
now did Ruth actually call his shot or
not there's newsreel footage of this you
can find it on YouTube is Ruth pointing
at the centerfield bleachers is Ruth
pointing at Charlie Ruth all right or is
Ruth pointing in the Cubs dugout
Ruth himself gave several accounts of
the play saying at one point he was
pointing at the Cubs dugout to say he
had one more strike but also saying he
was indeed pointing to where he was
going to hit the ball because he was
angry that people in the stands were
spitting at his wife Claire that's just
tacky
maybe he was according to one later
source giving the finger to a hot dog
vendor he knew probably not probably not
but I put it to you that even if he
absolutely was calling his shot it is
still not the most impressive called
Homer of all time and now
I'm going to tell you what is the most
impressive called Homer of all time over
a hundred years ago Davy Jones no Marsha
not that baby Joan Marsha is of course
referring to Davy Jones the singer from
the Monkees and I am referring to Davy
Jones the outfielder for the Detroit
Tigers now Davy Jones
Davy Jones did not hit a called homer
but he did tell us about one in the
audio book the glory of their times
which is the greatest thing ever made in
the whole history of the world and space
and time and you could and should buy it
and you can get it online
yeah probably man yes you can get at
your local bookstore as well Larry thank
you and you shouldn't get anyhow Davy
Jones told us about the called Homer hit
by his teammate Germany Shaffer ah the
tragically short-lived Herman Germany
Schaffer one of the funniest men ever to
play baseball Schaffer is most famous
for stealing first base which is a story
for another time but he also did this
while playing with Davy Jones and the
Tigers Davy Jones in 1906 Shaffer was
sitting on the bench during a pitcher's
duel between the Tigers red Donahue and
Doc white and the white sock it's two to
one to the Sox with two out and one on
in the ninth when manager Huey Jennings
decides to pinch-hit for Donahue so he
calls in Germany Shaffer to bat so
Shaffer goes in to pinch-hit but let's
be clear Germany Shaffer was a mediocre
hitter even that year 1906 he hit 238
right so Shaffer walks onto the field
turns to the crowd and says you're now
looking at Herman Shaffer better known
as Herman the great the greatest pitch
hitter who ever lived now I'm gonna go
up there and I'm gonna hit that ball
into the left-field bleachers and win
this game
thank you and he did he put white second
pitch over the fence winning the
ballgame and he ran around the bases as
hard as he could and he slid into every
base first base second base third base
and home and when he slid into home he
said Schaefer wins by a nose
and then he took off his cap turned to
the crowd and said ladies and gentlemen
thank you for your attention
no way yes way now that is one hell of a
shot but here's the thing that makes it
better than roots
other than being way funnier away cooler
Ruth hits 714 career home runs right
Germany Shaffer hit 9 a total of 9 now
he did this in June 1906 he retired and
19:18 and after this he hit a grand
total of six more home runs in his
career and I looked it up and every
single one of those was an
inside-the-park home run so this call
shot was actually the last ball Germany
Shafer hit over the fence in his entire
career how cool is that that's so cool
so ladies and gentlemen today we
remembered Germany Schaefer one of the
coolest and funniest people ever to play
baseball that's all for today we will
see you next Sunday with more Sunday
baseball do not forget to click
subscribe and check us out on Facebook
and write comments and make suggestions
for themes and topics that you think
would make some excellent and awesome
shows take a bye Larry
okay which I'll just say you can get it
online